[DOCS-8454] Consolidate guides: Feature Flags (#25073)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/real_user_monitoring/feature_flag_tracking/_index.md

## Overview

> Feature flag data provides greater visibility into user experience and performance monitoring. It allows you to determine which users are being shown a specific feature and assess if any changes introduced are impacting user experience or negatively affecting performance. If needed, you can roll back the feature.

Reviewer: > If needed, you can roll back the feature.

This might be understood as if RUM was able to roll back feature flags. Maybe reformulate a bit?

> Feature flag data provides greater visibility into user experience and performance monitoring. It allows you to determine which users are being shown a specific feature and assess if any changes introduced are impacting user experience or negatively affecting performance. If needed, you can roll back the feature.

Author: ```suggestion
Feature flag data provides greater visibility into user experience and performance monitoring. It allows you to determine which users are being shown a specific feature and assess if any changes introduced are impacting user experience or negatively affecting performance. You can use this information to determine whether or not to roll back the feature.
```

Author: @BenoitZugmeyer what do you think?

Reviewer: Sounds good!

> 

Author: Thanks for catching this, @aliciascott !
